---
layout: post
title: Already One Month 
categories: [life, diary, recording, summarize]
tags: [Malware Analysis, Summarize]
description: Long Time haven't write blog. Need times to do a deep think and introspect. About life, work and else.  
---

There has a question about my two blogs. Like which function for each one? Need exist two of them at the same time? Maybe it don't need cost much time to maintain them, but I should to distinguish their function myself.    

So, this is the big problem. At first I want to resolving www.purpleroc.com directing to this gitpage. But consider of some people who may get a solution from SE on my site, abandon the old site is not desirable. So how about move all the article from old site to this gitpage? Seems like a good solution, but there another problem. Jekyll is just a platform for you to transform plain text into static websites, if there has too many md files, kramdown will cost many time to transform, then the website will become slowlly.    

Another way is maintain two of them, but which article should put on this and which article for the old?    
Confused....     
  
Let's write something about recent things. Seems haven't done anything after give a analysis about FeiTu.Dll, that's make me feel bad. There has a malware named Mouse, it's a Downloader, to easy to recognize, and when I get the source and want to invade it, the author close the website immediately. And after the "Mouse" there has other malware named "Zlib1.dll", by replace the original Zlib1.dll in the root directory of Thunder to launch it-self. This malware rebuild on open source Zlib1, and the main function is lead more traffic to some webpage. Most important, it can close, start, login Thunder easily. And has some unsound remote control function.    

Have a trip to Beijing, 360.cn. Take participate in their activities, this let me think a lot about the future, what I really want to do. And also meet some old friends that make me happy because I can learn more things from them, and they can also give me some advice, that's wonderful. Thank's for all of you.    


——Tracy_梓朋   
2015年07月31日15:29:13
